
.\"*******************************************************************
.\"
.\" This file was extracted from hal/components/mdssp.comp using halcompile.g.
.\" Modify the source file.
.\"
.\"*******************************************************************

.TH MDSSP "9" "2023-10-24" "LinuxCNC Documentation" "HAL Component"
.SH NAME

mdssp \- MDS-A/B/C encoder interface
.SH SYNOPSIS
.HP
.B loadrt mdssp [count=\fIN\fB|names=\fIname1\fB[,\fIname2...\fB]]
.SH DESCRIPTION



.SH FUNCTIONS
.TP
\fBmdssp.\fIN\fB\fR (requires a floating-point thread)

.SH PINS
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.spindle-counts-in\fR s32 in \fR
raw 32-bit feedback position
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.spindle-oriented-in\fR bit in \fR
.br
.ns
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.revs\fR float out \fR
spindle position output, in revolution
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.index-request\fR bit io \fR
.br
.ns
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.speed-in\fR float in \fR
from spindle.X.speed-out
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.speed-out-abs\fR float out \fR
.br
.ns
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.at-speed-in\fR bit in \fR
.br
.ns
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.at-speed-out\fR bit out \fR
.br
.ns
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.fwd\fR bit out \fR
.br
.ns
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.rev\fR bit out \fR
.br
.ns
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.pos-fb-in\fR float in \fR
.br
.ns
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.pos-cmd-out\fR float out \fR
.br
.ns
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.master-pos-cmd-in\fR float in \fR
.br
.ns
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.servo-on-in\fR bit in \fR
.br
.ns
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.servo-on-out\fR bit out \fR
.br
.ns
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.slave-on-in\fR bit in \fR
.br
.ns
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.mode4\fR bit out \fR
.SH PARAMETERS
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.cpr\fR s32 r \fR(default: \fI23040000\fR)
command/feedback resolution
.TP
.B mdssp.\fIN\fB.maxv\fR float rw \fR(default: \fI1000\fR)
.SH AUTHOR

Dmitry Yurtaev dmitry@yurtaev.com
.SH LICENSE

GPL
